Aidan/dind+bugfix (#233)
latchbio/latch: docs/source/basics/defining_environment.md

Workflow code is rarely free of dependencies. It may require python or system packages or make use of environment variables. For example, a task that downloads compressed reference data from AWS S3 will need the `aws-cli` and `unzip` [APT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APT_(software)) packages, then use the `pyyaml` python package to read the included metadata.

> The workflow environment is encapsulated in [a Docker container](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_(software)), which is created from a recipe defined in [a text document called Dockerfile.](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/). Latch provides [four baseline environments](../subcommands.md#base-image--b) which each latch workflows inherits from. In most cases, modifying the `Dockefile` manually is unecessary, so Latch will automatically generate one using conventional dependency lists and heuristics. To use a handwritten Dockerfile, [run the eject command](#ejecting-auto-generation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow environment is encapsulated in [a Docker container](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_(software)), which is created from a recipe defined in [a text document named Dockerfile.](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/). Latch provides [four baseline environments](../subcommands.md#base-image--b) which each latch workflow inherits from. In most cases, modifying the `Dockefile` manually is unnecessary, so Latch will automatically generate one using conventional dependency lists and heuristics. To use a handwritten Dockerfile, [run the eject command](#ejecting-auto-generation).
```

`eject` is a weird name

Latch manages the execution environment of a workflow using Dockerfiles. A Dockerfile specifies the environment in which the workflow runs.

> Latch has four [base images](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/base-images/), one bare minimum, one with CUDA drivers, one with OPENCL drivers, and one with the Docker software pre-installed. To use the CUDA, OPENCL, or Docker base image, use the `--base-image` flag when running `latch init`.

Author: what is 'the Docker software'? -- is this a rhetorical question or do you have a suggestion?

> Latch has four [base images](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/base-images/), one bare minimum, one with CUDA drivers, one with OPENCL drivers, and one with the Docker software pre-installed. To use the CUDA, OPENCL, or Docker base image, use the `--base-image` flag when running `latch init`.

Reviewer 2: - "one bare minimum" is weird
- "OpenCL" not "OPENCL"
- "Docker software" is weird
- using a list can be simpler here
- don't repeat yourself in the second sentence
```suggestion
Each environment is build on one of the following base distributions:
- `default` with no additional dependencies
- `cuda` with Nvidia CUDA/cuDNN drivers !!!!!_ADD_VERSION_HERE_!!!!!
- `opencl` with OpenCL !!!!!_ADD_VERSION_HERE_!!!!! drivers
- `docker` with the Docker daemon

The base environment can be specified at workflow creation using [the `--base-image` flag of `latch init`](LINK TO THE SECTION IN LATCH INIT DOCS)
```

## Docker Limitations

> Docker containers have limitations on some system administration functions. While each workflow runs as a genuine `root` user (UID 0), commands that require certain [kernel capabilities](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html) will fail with "Permission denied". This includes `chown` and `chroot` among others. However, for non-GPU tasks, we use a [container runtime](https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox) that gets around this issue. For example, a user can run a Docker container inside a `small_task` (Docker in Docker), which is disallowed using the normal Docker runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker containers have limitations on some system administration functions. While each workflow runs as a genuine `root` user (UID 0), commands that require certain [kernel capabilities](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html) will fail with "Permission denied". This includes `chown` and `chroot` among others. However, for non-GPU tasks, we use a [container runtime](https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox) that gets around this issue. For example, a user can run a Docker container inside a `small_task` (Docker in Docker), which is disallowed when using the normal Docker runtime. 
```

> Docker containers have limitations on some system administration functions. While each workflow runs as a genuine `root` user (UID 0), commands that require certain [kernel capabilities](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html) will fail with "Permission denied". This includes `chown` and `chroot` among others. However, we use a [container runtime](https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox) that allows system software that does not require these kernel capabilities to run. For example, users can run docker in docker. Note: `gpu` and `large-gpu` tasks do not support running system software.

Reviewer 2: just nuke this entire section, we have no limitations anymore
